hello YouTube my name is Nero and today
we need some call did he goes for you
guys and more specifically a round of
Kill Confirmed on the map flooded run
around the mtar X in this game play man
i'm playing with a group of people group
my friends actually and a subscriber and
you find that when you play the group of
people at least I found this I'm sure
you guys can agree that when you're
playing with a group of your friends are
all pretty good it's difficult to like
distance yourself and get ahead of them
and get these like amazing game plays
when I play with them I just have
trouble with that and called he goes for
some reason I find most often that we
end up all doing and roughly the same
that's what this gameplay is you know
it's not bad gameplay but it's not an
amazing gameplay it's it's good gameplay
it's a quick match where are my entire
team does roughly the same and we just
run through the emmy team it's a short
little video that's like how this all
works but it's about its 355 in the
afternoon at the time to be recording
this video 355 so we were recording like
four hours worth of borderlands 2 today
so boiling stew if you guys will know
has his head hunter dlc pack well not
sound really pack there's a bunch of
individual headhunter DLCs which we're
all yet to place and myself and foxy and
to can we all went and played that and
then we went played through a couple of
missions work or like four hours worth
of it right and you know it's over i
finally get the audio fixed i finally
get it all done set up you know it's
finally finished recording and
everything's hunky-dory on that front I
look at the clock I'm like oh like crap
it's almost four o'clock i have even
began to think about what I'm gonna do
for New your cinema today right enjoyed
you only do for a video so quickly I
started looking around my videos like
well I they will i do i'm liking the
panicking like I'll no I can't unix I
never post on Sundays but like I have to
post on monday i don't want not post two
days in a row that's awful and so I'm
like looking at my videos i'm looking at
my channel and I'm like wait a minute my
top 10 videos my top 10 videos which I
love over i'm not talking about my top
10 like most viewed videos my top 10
favorite videos or anything like that
I'm talking about my top 10 video series
all right I top 10 video series has two
videos in it so far there's a top 10
guns and call of duty in the top 10 maps
in call of duty and i love that series i
love it to death man the first one I
spent a while on it
yeah and I think it turned out pretty
good but then the second one I think you
guys will agree with me the top 10 maps
was way better than the first one which
was the top 10 guns like I feel
something like a fox out maybe that new
overlay and just I spent a lot more time
researching my answers and the reasons
why the certain maps made in that video
over other maps and the things about
them like the history of the maps I
thought it turned out really really well
like I can't wait to make more of them
right and before we gain further in this
I want to say that this top 10 series is
not on a schedule alright so dear near
goes up every Wednesday kem strike
saturdays every Saturday my top 10
videos will go up whenever I feel like
making them because it's difficult I
mean it takes a long time to put them
together I actually spent like literally
like eight hours or so putting together
that top ten maps video takes took a
long time to put that together by think
it turned out really well and my
question for you guys is man what do I
do next right because I've done top 10
maps in call of duty and top 10 guns in
call of duty there's not a whole lot
more that I can think of in this brain
of mine right so top 10 killstreak so
probably be the next one I think there's
been so many different killstreaks all
throughout call of duty I could do that
top 10 perks I could probably do that as
well I and call it once again so many
different perks and coal duty where do I
go from there where do I do we've done
the assuming of course I make these next
two videos and we get completely
finished with those we got top 10 maps
guns kill streaks and perks and call of
duty what else is there man Wells's
their attachments what do you guys want
to see because the idea of it is well
actually this is maybe not a
little-known fact about it is that you
guys actually came up with this series
for me it like you guys basically just
made me do it right without even
realizing it so every wednesday i do
that series called deer near where you
guys send me in questions i answer them
every week and we've done like almost 90
freaking episodes of that one of the
questions I get pretty often is like a
top 10 style thing like people don't say
hey can you make a top ten you know
video people ask okay what's your top
five favorite guns what's your top three
favorite maps what's your top five
favorite zombies maps you know they do
that right they ask me those questions
all the time I'm like I'm just gonna
make a top 10 video that's what i'ma do
instead just answering them every week
in deer near I'm gonna make a top 10
video go over and explain why it is
yeah I like each individual thing in the
video and it just turns out awesome so
basically since the idea kind of spawn
from you guys what would you guys like
to see in the top 10 series it doesn't
even have to stick with call of duty
like one my ideas was top 10 Borderlands
2 legendary weapons or something I don't
know that was yet I've just been playing
time Mike my voice you can probably hear
my voice my voice is kind of shot we
record like four hours worth that today
but yeah that's just game house plants
that's what came to mind but what would
you guys like to see in these top 10
videos what would you guys like to see
of course I can definitely go to kill
streaks i'll probably do top 10 perks
and call of duty but wire from there
like where are we where we gonna go next
with the series and that's up to you
guys as completely 110% up to you guys
as to what you guys want to see with
that series it just works perfectly man
there's no schedule to this series it
goes up whenever I feel like making them
and when I feel so the video is ready to
go up and it's basically spawned up by
you guys so what would you guys like to
see in that series so let me know in the
comments what you guys would like to see
my top 10 video series I hope you guys
will enjoy this video if you did please
be sure they were rating hope you guys
all have a wonderful day